Yeah I would say I mean what stood out to me at the time was probably the newness of it the entrepreneurial culture of it it was a very small company that was. So that kind of stood out to me because those opportunity to look at a small company that actually have a lot of growth potential and the. Kind of word on the street at the time was that they were building you know very good software to support financial services which I had the experience and so I kinda like that and having a small company like that I was he creates more very. The family oriented culture and and you know a lot of and a lot of people that are kind of in the same boat so. Into you know nineteen years right so you think about that how do you stay nineteen years as out of place and it's just been you know I do the same same assessment every year at the end of the year I kind of figure out where I am and whether I was still the right place for me to be and I've answered that question yes many times over the years. I think the biggest thing for me especially being in a sales rule and kind of look now leading the team but I've always been that client facing role I think the biggest thing for me is just that. What was the still the culture early on was that everything starts with the sale and so. We're not gonna be able to drive revenue we're not gonna be able to drive product or not to be able to really do much of anything if we don't sell things into the market place and so I think one of the things that stands out for me is just the fact that. The support we receive from the rest of the company when when going in and and trying to pitch these opportunities to prospects so if we need a helping hand or we need someone's brain or need someone to come in and speak in a meeting everyone knows is for the common good of the rest of the organization and are always willing to pitch in. I think it's the longevity. Of of of the people and the people themselves I I specifically deal with we we always do a. We do a formal win loss analysis when we win deals and steals and we tried it. Get in about fifteen to twenty five of them a year. And one of the things that always were. Kind of comes back is the. The people. And the culture and you know having. You know everybody who's client facing is really focused on that opportunity or that client and I think when we hear in the marketplace and I look at things that competitors that we have today there's been really excessive turnover them at a lot of them and they've flipped on their teams they have. Kind of gone and it. In a different direction and he goes always remain consistent and continue to focus on what we do. I think. You know obviously the company itself is going through a lot of change. Now. And which I think is a is a good thing because it takes people outside of their comfort zone a little bit and I think we're kind of heading in the direction that we need to involve the organization as we continue to they're trying to go on a revenue stream so. You look at it now yeah workforce kind of at a specific revenue where we need to exponentially grow at and I think that that change has to come with investing in new technology in investing in other product a little bit more than we probably have in the last several years so I think that's the biggest thing to me is when I look at it or my team looks out at I think the biggest thing for us is that we need to have something new to sell something that's a little bit more pop up to date up to you know I think about folks that are in there you know twenties and thirties going in and looking at the technologies and the products that we provide and it would look very old and and kind of archaic to them and so I think we need to get to that next generation software which I think we're doing so it's going to come along to change and you know it may shift people's roles and there may be people here that have a skill set that doesn't doesn't really warrant than being area longer I think that's the hardest part of what people look at right now is whether or not they have a future with the skill set that they have and I think that's gonna be really challenging. You know again I think its its commitment commitment focus and again I come back to the family culture of the organization to me it's it's paramount right I know that there's people here really throw this building that I've known for a long time that. Are always there if you if you need them and and I think that to me that that is what a lot of my decision is continuing to coming back is that the culture here it's just very good with and the people they work with really appreciate. Yeah I would say it's been a better focus of the company probably in the last you know ten plus years I think it's a it's a very diverse culture. You know as as you. Walk the halls and and. And speak to people I think it's a really diverse culture here which is a benefit it certainly has been to me I've got to meet you know a lot of people over the years I've come from you know different walks of life and and background and I think it makes there are really that's part of what I was speaking earlier the culture is great but I think we've. I think in general we know of society is kind of embrace that more and I think we've definitely you know I think partly through the bank as well the bank is obviously it's a huge focus on it with diversity and inclusion and so we've kind of followed in those footsteps and created our own spin on some of those things here which has been fun. To spend any of them like I know they have the date of service there is a wholly SO in the parking lot a few weeks ago. Yeah I mean I've I've always participated in day of service I think a lot of people have I spent a lot of my time in the day service and cradles the crayons and supporting. Supporting the efforts there for you know kids that don't have the necessary supplies to go to school and be dressed and have a backpack and things like that so I've kind of gone back there numerous times just because I've like the experience of what you're kind of doing and having kids of my own I just can't imagine having them walk out the door without the things that they need for school on a regular basis and you know for the pain that that must cause and the bullying that must take take place when that happened so it's I'm always going back so I think the data services one of my favorite days. Here for sure and I've people on my team that five you know share the the wind. You know program and and other inclusion efforts here so I'm not only me I would just say throw my team we definitely have support well.