Don't I want to get the rest of the month.
Yeah yeah.
Anyway.
Everybody knows you can't.
Cross necklace.
Yeah.
Yeah I got.
All right okay so can you please tell me your position and your age.
Your conversation.
And I'm thirty.
K. how did you end up at eagle.
How did you like what events in your life made you like on the wrong.
I don't know how everyone is.
So.
They gave me a they given the opportunity to get back into town acquisition which.
I'd left.
I love town it was issued for awhile.
Using for awhile back and.
How long have you been here.
One year almost.
What do you do here.
I recruit people.
Okay.
To recruit people for eagle so infrastructure technologists all those jobs that I have open ARE all structure related and I just find find specialized.
Employees for roles here.
What initially attracted you to eagle as a company.
On I really like the the the solid reputation and the longevity.
Of.
People that I I did some research on like how long people have been here because my goal was to.
Find a group like to build a career and it's been a little while I was working at Starbucks and stuff.
And then a little while since I stayed at one place for thirty to actually build a career move up within an organization so.
If you go for that reason.
How to go about what makes you stay at eagle.
Can build a career if you leave.
Also I think.
Just in my role I see I see a lot of a lot of people move when then the organization I see may I wouldn't say it's easy to to move between departments because I don't think any any place that would be easy that I see that it's possible and I see that people are given.
Opportunities to prove themselves at a higher level so just I guess given the visibility that I have been to that it shows me that that initial reason to come here building their careers is a very legitimate possibility.
So so on one what values attitudes mindsets and skills to the people share here in eagle.
With that let's so bring it down what.
You don't it's every part of a like it's a certain values are like thoughts or attitudes are like mindset that like people share as a whole eagle.
Yeah I mean it's me.
Adversity inclusion this is.
Just some.
Yes policy.
Whether you're young or old.
Black white Hispanic.
Whatever.
No matter what your status is.
And in society or whatever don't get treated any differently I think that's definitely clear across organizations like that.
See.
Yeah same people up for people treating people like people not not discriminating or.
No prejudice nothing like that.
Which is important to me now that starting a family with my wife so my kids there my child on the way in my stepdaughter Hispanic so that seven point to me so I I just been more aware of that's often it's been like I never went anywhere where the diversity was.
Was so strong and.
Really there's no like back talking about.
People are like looking down on people what regardless of where their position is or what their skin color and like that so that's good.
What differentiates eagle from our competitors.
The moment.
You my own when you ask that question you might just want to so our competitors.
Hello there was an.
Really and I.
Just like other financial.
Maybe almost like yeah set up like the fun the competitors and I maybe mention something about them.
If you can just because you might get better you might get better content that way otherwise.
And.
Not really that much is when the answer like I'm about to do.
So I mean I don't know about that.
I really down.
And maybe like what difference differentiates eagle from other companies you worked for maybe you could do that.
Think what stands out about and I kind of mention the diversity aspect of it but there's anything else maybe.
Yeah I know yeah.
So like this monster here and I had this on my own because it would give me a cordless mouse never I've never heard this.
Model.
This.
For the record we're I'm showing you exhibit a which is a paper towel.
Holder.
As mothers in the year because we can't we can't just give people without them like.
It was.
An issue.
I have worked for start up like that is the most like this or.
But okay good to know.
A little tight with the resources.
They are.
So change what you will about its internal or external have you participated in or like any clubs you're apart over an issue I think running club.
I signed up for your call.
I don't know why yeah my my nephew that's something but what else have I done.
Contractors do not do like the day of service itself because they don't like.
They don't have that it's more like.
They just said just chill work.
Whatever you get paid for your day of service like people get paid.
Well they were full time.
But there I did not do it I think I thought it was just they actually.
Just gave up and now right.
That's going to make it sound.
I would I mean which sounds great.
So if you multiply your hourly rate by even even for you guys if you multiply whatever twenty five an hour.
I wish I was making twenty million seventeen.
Seventeen.
Yes.
Eight hours.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Twenty.
The name my hourly rate.
Yeah.
Okay so do you think eagle does a good job representing personal values diversity inclusion through internal of events.
Very dense.
Yeah.
Yeah yeah let the Pollock and stuff but I mean.
One one.
One down would be like this month this pride month.
Yeah.
Nationally too critical.
This mother's pride month and we don't have.
I just saw it said but that's like.
That's very nice.
It's not to be you don't you don't often see I guess is to spend over others you don't often see you go hang the flag for pride month and having little flights is it just like little tokens like.
It's almost like I could check the box in.
Yeah.
Is when I'm doing it like I think I think what happened is whoever was leading it their transition days are now or whoever it was leading it left the company so there's nobody like really taken by the horns right now but.
You would see a lot more have been around stop that just hang up.
First I mean those are just that one plug those.
Weird.
Like.
This disingenuous almost.
Yeah.
Yeah just flag.
Yeah.
That's.
Right.
So that's what that's that's more the exception than the rule you typically would see a lot more.
Described eagle in three to five words or a phrase.
Three five words.
Related you can just like a couple of words like yeah yeah.
I would say.
The the people care about each other.
Okay family oriented.
No.
No.
Think of anybody here's my family but.
I think.
But I am in maybe my definition of feminism.
No no no no yeah.
And the the people people here genuinely care about each other.
What would you change about eagle.
Speaker 1:
There's a there's a weird so I'll give you a perspective that you might not get from a lot of people know something here a lot of contractors I saw I saw the list.
It's it's kind of weird how subcontractors will get segregated from from a lot of the a lot of the events and stuff that are geared towards the employees were they really should.
And I even on the on board in like my member did you guys are on board a contractor we don't give any we don't really get any side to anybody.
Yeah I'm actually working on that project with merry little them about that like trying to like fix the on boarding process and make it better because I didn't get a packet coming in and they kind of like.
No no yeah and when we have like the breakfast merry was like someone we don't even know you got to be here today which is set up so.
That's yeah that's something.
We.
Try to fix them I'll be honest with you off the record that falls on merry so you can tell.
Minutes we.
We just need to carry things out better I guess so that's that's something that I I try to focus on is is trying to make people feel.
It really comes down to how much somebody's gonna go above and beyond just to make that make them feel welcome and not not just in that area but other people come in here I supervise about like getting promoted are applying for different roles and it's it goes far beyond what I'm supposed to be done but it's just because I actually care wanna help them that.
That town though well I should talk about it but it really just comes down to how far people will go for each other that's why that's why I think it's red and it's really important it speaks to.
SPC owes six us that the people are less inspired to care about each other I mean I think I think that goes a long way they can cover up for a lot of shortcomings and may have otherwise taken a stronghold.
It didn't have the right people in place so where was that we're talking about.
Always change.
Just the the whole experience for contractors and stuff like that it really shouldn't be any different when we have quarterly webcasts and stuff like contractors they aren't allowed to go and then at the holiday party took contractors on technically allowed to go to that either late but we all we all just kind of like.
Like people full timers are there any that you might possibly like you guys are obviously going to the holiday parties on.
We'll go but I'm sure there are some content bosses that don't think the Salih definitely coming out party.
Yeah.
But but yeah so there's a lot there's some benefits in there some meetings in there some information is not shared with contractors issue the point is that I don't see why you would want you to do that I think it's just.
Me to pay for the jam too.
Yeah.
But just just like that like in the amounts like.
Going back to the most all backed.
So that my last company.
I just think using those little things could go a long way towards just showing your employees that they do come first and that's important but it doesn't that maybe a weakness of the.
In the end it may not be intentional.
Tell us what you think in general anything else you would like us to now you have mentioned before that you think would.
He do that.
Did you actually my first.
By hand.
But for.
Something like.
I don't know.