 Some people are you.
 And through that also like find.
 Eagles core values are because they're not posted anywhere and some people are very passionate but there are no core values anywhere.
 And they have very strong opinions towards that.
 We don't necessarily but there are a lot of people who have been here for awhile to think that it's time that they are posted somewhere okay.
 So is it a very much are you going to people to kind of pull eagles core values to conversations.
 About eagle so will record yeah that's okay.
 Sure.
 And it's it's a sign it and just gonna be journaling.
 Yeah.
 Posted on no.
 No no.
 With your name.
 Yeah so I was really positives and negatives about you go.
 And one of the interns has.
 Like his ideas to create this out I'll analyze all the words and figure out which ones are most commonly used which one's kind of fall into the same category word cloud yeah.
 Yeah yeah.
 To kind of pull out.
 The.
 Yeah.
 And then from that will make them into like nicer sentences.

 Yeah.
 Some.
 I'm recording.

 So what's your actual position.
 Work on the team and I am on the memory the knowledge she had been doing my role is.
 Senior business analyst.
 How long have you been here.
 I worked.
 For five years.
 Full time for about four years.
 Yes I started there in.
 It worked well I was at college.
 Well the cultures I asked there's anywhere.
 Let me know that.
 What makes you want to say.
 I think the way.
 Everybody really interacts it's not like everybody's not hide behind a keyboard if I have a question ready to work with the developer who would say on the part of product that I work with I can just get up walk over and talk to him and yeah sounds I use often that way rather than you know jabber or call or some like that always we have that stuff that we still use but everybody's very friendly and accepting.
 Did the sides of culture track to the eagle.
 Not exactly.
 I.
 I had never had a a real professional job for that so this is my first experience with a professional office and.
 The fact that you know I got in I like what I was doing and I love the people.

 That was basically what what what attracted me.
 What attitudes mindsets skills or attributes to people equal share.
 Wow.
 The part of the dialogue to like just pick and choose.
 Yeah.

 I would say except it's like I kind of like one center where you know there's no it's not like people like we can walk up the document as office and talk to him right now he'd be in be there and you take the time to talk to us it's not like on the CEO or I'm and we're all you know and so it's tough to get a little respect and that's one thing I thought was really cool illegal it even though you might be young and in turn are only hear her every few years they still like every kind of respect rob respect you and.
 We'll talk.
 What differentiates eagle from our competitors if you can answer.
 Yeah yeah.
 I am not one.
 The second.
 One did you go to a good job representing personal values inclusion and diversity internal events that they had a day of service they have never had a holy festival is one of our first dates here.
 Yeah I feel like I mean whatever it is you walk around and you see all the the pride flags every month see or.

 Thanks black history month they do like the jeopardy event like they're always trying to stay current with whatever's going on socially then they'll added into some sort of event or like you said you got a service we had like.
 Four hundred people do it or something this year.
 How many which one did you participate in.
 Our.
 I've done.
 A lot of so I do the Movember remember the member team which is for myself or it is I do.

 I don't know much of Mike I.
 Get out of my head but yeah I I like to get involved in all the tournaments we do we've done a few events for about a strong check charity foundation.
 He turned into or if they have service.
 States service I did you a ball.
 I didn't do the hockey world but we did the wall we did ask altered this year for the nation so.
 That's what's really cool thing here everybody seems to get involved everywhere from senior management first your voice.
 What would you change about the eagle.
 What would I change that to be honest.

 Obviously the the downstairs amazing.

 But you know I used to set up stairs and I set up yes I need to set up there they kind of.
 They they segregated us from the rest of the knowledge seem like they're right team and the enterprise team but the rest the kidneys are off there so.
 I think it be nice if maybe everybody can can we sit together make a lot more sense and obviously it's very expensive to do renovations.
 Reason the knowing that there seems so he's he's like three groups of tests here.
 Great question yeah that's that's those are the questions we asked you know we we have Catholic myself for like empty so.
 Yeah and if you look at all these open to ask their sex centered around meaning there's probably twenty.
 This is in a sense.
 Can you describe eagle in three to five words.
 Or phrases whatever.
 Yeah.
 We're not really any that they can take.

 Friendly diverse.
 And inclusive.
 The repetitive.
 How you feel.
 Okay that is all the questions.