Yeah what is your actual position.
The ministry of.
Assistant.
Perfect how did you end up you go.
I was recruited one of the to speak out someone's not here any longer.
Some my resumes.
Asked me if I want to work here instead.
And I did.
How long have you been here.
I.
And a half years.
What initially attracted you and me what makes you want to stay here you go.
So I.
Work.
At a school in.
Water town and that they were closing in moving to Worcester.
So initially it was not to go to Worcester.
Your work.
Brown made it.
It's a lot a lot.
Closer and then once getting you know during the interview I really hit it off you know my boss and then a recruiter and you know just look like a an interesting place to be.
And why do I stay here I refer to love the eagle culture I love it I I love it I know it's kind of in transition right now and no more pain.
Still it's still is a.
A smaller.
Feeling for a big company and hopefully that won't change the banking fully absorb.
What.
Skills or personality traits of people eagle share.
Well the road brilliant.
Okay.
I know super nice super nice it's a.
Management here.
And then to.
Yeah Marathi movie.
You know between everyone in my opinion they really really.
You know praise the individual lot you know and I think that that's a really unusual quality from my experience and most companies.
What differentiates eagle from other tech firms or other places you for.
I've never worked for another tech firm but other places I've worked it's just you know again is that community feeling that we have here it's really it's really unique really really.
I think this is fit in any eagles events like if they have service that day Sir yes thing half cultural diversity.
Most of them yeah.
It's very and it's totally cool.
Me too who does that.
Right now.
I mean yeah you know I've never been to I mean in my past companies it was if we were going to do something.
If this means that let's get a food box together very winter you now isn't like company thing you know that's awesome.
Dizzy was a good job including like diversity inclusion throughout everyone and highlighting certain events.
I think so yes I think they do a really good job.
What's your.
What's the best part about the job.
The eagle at the environment here.
I have the best job.
In the place.
And with the best office.
I think you know everyone here.
I know most everyone.
I personally.
Also.
I get to smile a lot and get to it we're not.
You know I have like.
You know I mean it's pretty cool.
I have the best game.
Although it makes it hard for me to get to any of the daytime meetings you know I can't really participate in mind.
Now in the game room right now some of the meetings that are not right at my lunch break.
What is your lunch break.
Twelve thirty to one thirty.
We can play games.
Yes please do thank you.
Would you change.
Change.
Some people suggested the separation between teams you know downstairs or it had specific things about.
Department today we should change the organization.
I think.
What I'm seeing.
This in my bosses.
Speaker 1:
Speaker 1:
It doesn't seem to it doesn't bother me at all but I want people who've been here awhile.
Feel there's a.
And recent with the remodel cold like a.
You know more of a line between the executive and the rest of us.
I don't I don't know what to say but like.
I know that's a complaint yeah.
I think it's just because the way the office is structured.
I think so and I think you know like we you know stick dumpsters doesn't have half the nice things that we do right now and and all the executives on this floor pretty pretty much well not all of them saying yeah.
You know this is this is a Cup.
This is where the customers can yeah.
You know so it has to be a nice yeah spot.
You can read were you know you can execute kitchen yeah.
And what bugs me is that we make that thing about the coffee cups.
It's got to go in there.
He has drawbacks do their part.
Can you describe eagle using three to five words or phrases and they don't have to correlate at all.
See.
It was probably the best place I've ever worked best places to work.