This is for the inter project to kind of get a sense for a report on.
Also we're conducting a bunch of interviews to kind of get a sense of.
So do you mind if we record your voice and it will remain completely.
So if you wouldn't mind telling us your position and how long you been with the company so my position as head of cyber liability operations eagle since March of two thousand thirteen.
So how did you end up at eagle and the first ones.
Recently I got a cold call from one of the recruiters here so I was working in sales at times orders at the time I've been there for about a year.
And I had the link then toggle let recruiters call you but I got a call sounded interesting.
Right.
Also also so what what things initially attracted you go when you got that call.
I was interested in getting us cells.
A.
Was left with a good impression after the initial recruiting call I was left with the better fresh after the first phone interview.
Did research on the company and so that was a good mix between technology financial services which is where my career is always been.
I thought he was getting a little bit back in the technology right without fully leaving the sort of you know consulting and it sort of business aspects I have skills so just all around it's a good fit.
Also have you ever thought about the the legal.
That's a really good question so.
The obvious answer is yes.
But it has nothing to do with the people or what we actually do it had more to do with a parent company.
Action of the parent company and to be quite honest the fact there are really core values that people embody every day is also be five.
Their answer thank you for being honest.
So what kinds of if you can't values attitudes mindset skills any of those things do the people here you go share.
People care about each other a lot.
So I definitely that's that is being I think the one thing that resonates with me the most here is that the employees all genuinely care about each other they act like a family they do things together inside the office outside the office right.
So that would be I mean the sense of family is probably the one thing that I would say is without having explicitly said this is a core value I think we have that here.
I think it probably stops.
The.
What differentiates eagle from will save both our competitors and also other companies that exposure to.
That's a good question.
You can tell your man is he yeah I'm just trying to think of what I've worked at Hansel about.
He goes to six or seven places I've worked out since graduating college Kelly churches it's more than that a lot of.
You know I I think the sense of community again I gotta go back to that I think you I've worked in other companies or people that want we get along very eighteen but beyond that right you might you might feel like you're sort of in a really yeah when you're in an ocean of those you're just a small piece but I do think.
Eagle very very strong.
Okay awesome.
So now we want you to reflect on any eagle that Sir clubs or anything that you for just faded and stuff like that we just want to know do you think that you go does a nice job representing personal values inclusion and diversity these events and clubs yeah.
Definitely what I mean so I think about it eagle talent show io Cup there are D. holy celebration he illegal their service maybe I think it's it's all about giving back community inclusion diversity.
So I think we do a really good job celebrated especially the cultural diversity we do a really good job.
Also balsam.
Again this one by might take a minute or two of thinking but we'd like you to describe eagle in three to five words and this can be adjectives the first words that come to mind anything of that nature yeah so this is easy because this is a question that came in the employee engagement survey and.
Actually I didn't really have positive adjectives to describe the company right so I I think my adjectives were unaccountable.
Disengaged due to great right it's a very much a sense of community here but there's also a sense of it's not my job.
So I I yeah I would have to say unaccountable.
Is engaged.
But at the same time very caring.
Was it weird sort of yeah yeah the weird sort of that ed.
People care about each other very much but I think they fear.
Right.
If you were talking to a potential new hire what advice would you give them when it comes to eagle to help them connect to work here.
Build relationships focus on that.
Or the focus on anything else.
Product knowledge more than your.
You name it the most important thing here is building options by far.
That's very good answer eagle was a person who would they be so in terms of if you can give personality traits or get adjectives that sort of thing.
Who they are now.
Eagle is a very very kind hearted person.
Who is also very easy here.
And is afraid to make decisions and stick.
Whether.
Whether they're right or wrong.
You again touched on this a lot thus far but what would you change about you.
I would be a significant amount of focus on our manager.
And changing our manager from being almost exclusively work management to be exclusively people manage.
So what I see here is a very clear track that's the facts we get a job Evel you become the subject matter experts on your product our service learn your job become a little bit more senior than you become a senior person on the team and then all of a sudden you're the manager.
You go from subject matter expertise for your whole career and also for us in a completely new line of business the manager right which requires a completely different set of skills than being an individual contributor and I think the wind shared our managers here that's how they found their way.
And there's this idea that I get to management and I've won I've made it.
And then the experience is completely opposite yeah it's it's not about just managing work or doing the subject matter stuff at a higher level of people's livelihoods and I think the the lack of accountability the lack of engagement comes.
Surely from.
Employees not having.
Managers that are surely managers that know how to.
Get their place against right and I give the example of that one of the blogs that I wrote about my one on one a good example I'm not saying what the agenda is I'm not forcing you to get into my office every week if you don't want to talk to be canceled.
Your meeting our goal in one.
I'm never gonna ask you what's going on with your work you're gonna come you know what your job is if you need my help come to me otherwise my job is to be a facilitator my job is to be responsible for your success my job is free career path for you and it puts you on the job is not to micromanage even make sure that your daughter your eyes and crossing the T.'s.
And they just wrap up is there anything else that you'd like to like to share our site press the yeah I I have said many many people over the years that the culture here because a lot of work right with the accountability and at the education factor but having said that this is by far the best.
Read that again I've worked I've worked for a handful of companies in different capacities right I was systems engineer I was front office to solve them I was cell site trader for six years I was front office sales and then I sort of come full circle back into technology operations and consulting and this is been by far the best experience so every company has problems I think this company has good problem to have as long as we stay focused on the action.
Yeah.
That's always.