Yeah I know this is not a minute.
And it's only internally.
So can you please state your position and how long you've been at eagle.
I am.
Officially my title.
Is principal tech street you just.
Which is really just a title in the bank's world of stuff it doesn't necessarily quite define what you do I've been here for.
Close to fourteen years.
And how did you end up at eagle I.
Actually.
Was on the other side of I was a client eagles before so I work at a company that no longer exists but was one of the first vehicle clients so I worked in the art department at that company and we pride in eagle implemented and then continue to work with the eagle to enhance different things and stuff so it was and I say like I start off from the client's point of view and then when I came here was seen it from the other world but still kind of having my client had on going no I remember when like I do like this or I wanted this or that's why you guys now do it now I understand better so it kind of connected the two worlds.
Good fit.
So what initially attracted you to work.
Well there.
Is I had experience in it I didn't know all aspects of it but I had some good experience I also from the years working being client I knew some of the people and has the relationships here to and then one of my previous managers from up.
Past.
Role actually come here.
So she was kind of the ultimate factor of why I want to come over.
Have you ever thought about leaving eagle no but if I had a.
But yeah but that may not be a question I don't know how honest people would be but.
I work pretty on Saturday.
But now.
So it's kind of a long question but what values are like attitudes are mind sets to people eagle share here.
I think there's a good sense of.
Family units are wanting to help people and just.
Wanting to do.
That the best you can and and.
That type of attitude as opposed to and now.
Just.
Doing my job again here's the thing so I think there's some good strong values.
What differentiates eagle from the compartment headers and if you don't really know much look matters like the past companies that you've worked for.
People were really mean that probably whatever you ask me that people are going to keep coming up and I think that's really a key.
He factor in the fact that we continue to grow and innovate as opposed to like looking like some of the other companies sometimes they get kind of like setting their ways and in a little stale after awhile you know like okay well we have this large chunk of people are just going to keep milk and them and getting by as opposed to like if we work we're going with the cloud and things we continue.
To grow.
What eagle events if you have prepared any have you participated in and do they do a good job representing inclusion diversity in personal bodies so.
This.
One definitely contribute.
You know been enough and a lot of them and big part of actually either helping elder running different things like.
So if I think of like the past year we had networking events here which have been really helpful getting different people in the company to get don't necessarily in day to day basis work together to.
An act and things like that at and part of the wing group which is the woman's fruit on the mentoring board there we had mentoring program that really is that was a really good initiative to help people continue to grow in a career and help you know get some good relationships there too also did like diversity events.
The Sistine ability group and we have different speakers come in or heart where we're trying to like raise money for different things all those things so I think.
Compared to definitely compared to other places we do a lot here.
And I think he gets.
Support.
From senior management to that maybe some of the other places that I think about some of my friends at work elsewhere don't you know they may have a something but it's kinda off to the side where I think you know you'll get frowned on if you spend an hour.
Going to one of these programs or something.
Yes this might be kind of hard but describe eagle in three to five words or phrases.
I'm sure.
Collaborative.
Innovative.
And family.
It's you're talking to a potential new hire what advice would you give them when it comes to eagle to help them commit to working here.
Help them.
Like.
Like they.
Already got the job or to help them already got that okay.
I.
Need to.
Not be afraid to ask the people are willing to help.
And so you know don't feel like you're in it alone that everybody's pretty much you know willing to help them get you started in and instead of feeling like you can't get away from that I think that's a big thing don't be afraid to ask.
I'm in eagle was a person who would they be this can be like personality.
This.
As a no no.
I haven't come back you know that okay and so this.
Yeah.
It could be a famous person could you somewhere you know.
Like something pops into their mind I don't have that like super create inside.
All right that was probably one of the hardest ones so last question what would you change about eagle.
Say.
Over the last couple years we've been a little more divided than we had been.
Like if.
I look through a long as I've been here and I think something's.
Positive in the last six months or so with thing and seeing that kind of.
Change a little bit and become a little bit more one but I'd like to see us continue to go on that.
Direction that we're back to being a whole instead of like.
Old.
New folks focused in on the new stuff will focus on the old and there's kind of a divided and.
So that's the part that I think it would be nice to to go away in a a and I do see it moving in that direction.
Well you have anything else you would like us to now.
Some people.
Eight hours.