Much better project no.
So where I said we're going to help me eagle figure out what younger people and look for a company.
To kind of figure out how they could more effectively recruit kids our age are graduating college because that is when things are going to do is bring in more young people and to do that we're also going to pull out the eagles core values because you're not posted anyway.
Very passionate there needs to be them and some people don't really care that they're not listed on the site anything.
So we're just interviewing people.
Like there's nothing.
They're just kind of random yeah.
Basically we're gonna record a conversation that's okay and we're gonna run it through this app that will pull out like most commonly used words and phrases across all of our interviews and we'll use that as a starting point to find our values and what people they call me answer positives and negatives about people it'll novice yeah so.
Use internally so anyway.
Okay.
So alone just to start what is your position hello.
I've been here three and a half years and my position is the global head of people managed services.
How do you delete all.
Came to email because I was a client beagle from my former position and I have an opportunity to look at a role here and I went and.
What do you.
What initially attracted eagle.
It started with we entertain a sales pitch.
Was a candidate for the software that you're going to select and the people that came in for me.
Really able to clearly articulate the value proposition of the software they were excited about what they have to offer they had something to offer that was really meaningful to you what we were looking for and seeking a solution and I felt excited about this idea so I was on the asset management side they were on the soccer servicing side and I.
Or.
The excitement around being a part of this.
Have you ever thought of reading eagle.
Yes you know people get recruited all the time so from that standpoint attention.
But it it's not something I actively seek to do.
What values attitudes mindsets and skills that people eagles.
LA hello there most excited when they're with clients Sarah whenever we all kind of and I always feel the intensity round what we're doing what we're offering and how it can be helpful and useful to clients.
And that's really fun everybody's in it to provide something meaningful and to significantly changed the way that we're servicing the way the client would like to be moving themselves to the next level.
It's fun to be around people that are so excited to do something so hi Anthony all right meeting Phil solutions transaction.
And it's an industry right now that really needs to have lived.
Leader company do you find yourself having to calling this sheet that excitement a little bit in your employees are like do you think that people are then they just kind of happens instincts.
No I agree.
If you're going for March yeah so if somebody is my eager to make significant.
It says on our clients like they don't care about you know the other end of what we're servicing and they're not really really just to drive real meaningful results they're not great.
Yeah so that is a huge competency and characteristic that is already dead look for its they have to have a great.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What differentiates eagle from our competitors other tech firms or other companies you for for.
Focus on the coins is definitely a huge thing it's you know we're trying to create meaningful solutions that ideally are leading the industry.
We're in a unique spot where where owned by the thing which is a servicing aspect number of software company says software solution we have the ability to deliver on that entire continue what makes us unique our system.
And we also believe because of our competency in software we have the ability to allow greens to use the best of.
Any software solutions and we we can architecture let's differentiator in the industry and have a position.
It will do a good job representing personal values inclusion and diversity.
Okay thanks home.
We talk to people.
Well aid I am a part of the land acted just stated in the Heller.
Yeah.
I love the international too fast to avoid everything's working.
It's a real.
Food from their respective cultures yeah we set up in the training rooms and we all enjoy each other's meals.
Come from their kitchens or their heritage or their grandmother.
Family options will the last one was there on these in the last time we got to tell stories about our background our traditions why they have to fit into that and just learn a little bit about each other and to needles on the most diverse country music practices recent leveraging it's it's an amazing place for doors version Tamara.
If your potential talking to potential new hire what advice would you give them when it comes to eagle to help them commit to working here I'm sorry food bank I think I participated in all of it like ice cream social.
Everything that is there that I can do not to sustainability practices.
I'm sorry I did not if you like I could finish that question.
There are so many ways that you can inclusion and moving things forward in your society and in your local spaces one of my other ones as I can remember I had my daughter it was the women's shelter one for women who are homeless and trying to get back on their feet and.
Find a way to reintegrate into society in the.
There's more than enough to do.
If you're talking to potential new hire what advice would you give them to commit to working here.
We'll be ready to make a difference enjoyed the people that are here because they're really smart.
And experience and open to how do we do things.
It's not about the newest sealed right it's about can you take care.
Market environment I'm in the best way is the best reform.
Be very present have your mind open and be a participant don't wait yeah active aggressive this is what I can do this have a question on their understand.
All the things that rector St we're doing in trying to get as deep as you can ask any of us to help you with the new ones.
Can you describe eagle in three to five four three.
Yeah whatever comes to mind.
Okay I would say divers Byron.
Intellectually capable.
I would say where.
What would you change.
I only strengthen our.
Our actual emissions of being even more.
I really.
Enable us to really sharp.
Some.
Scores.
Until it's done.
On.
I would not be a free to give it.
Quickly.
And.
Continue to.
So much as we have a plan but be a leader thought you thought leader and be a I understand like the very thorough and understanding with industries.
Points to close at one.
The present in the industry enough to say this is where the problem.
Reply benefit from two.
I can't come up with their own ideas.
Who if you were a person what a deal.
Yeah.
Thank you very much.
What would.